Dear Friend, 
    Hello! I presume this email will not be a surprise to you. Through the courtesy of this business opportunity, I am Harrison Hutton, Hot Dog Cook, and surviving offspring of the late General Grandpa John of Canada, who died in 1903 due to unsuspected Hurricane. May his soul rest in peace! My father was our nation's Minister of Cheese. To his mournful family he left in unclaimed contractuals proceeds totaling $18726481236 from avocado deal with the Finance Minister of Zimbabwe. Due to war currently in Canada, it is not safely put my family investment here. Our  properties have been closed down, and the money is in discreet keepings of various parastatals. 
    Your business and name of honesty were given in confidence by University at Buffalo (Foreign Trade Division). Information regarding the viability of your Business concern gingered me into soliciting for you. My sister seriously advised me to move these funds into overseas account - all we require is a squishy foreign partner. Your  of specialisation will not be a hinderance to the successful actualising of this transaction. 
    Upon transfer of this beneficiary sum into the Bank Account of your Country, you will retain 23 percent of the total sum, and 7 percent will be set aside to take care of such incidental expenses. Also, 13 percent will be plunged into your Business concern for purposes of high-profile investment. The rest shall be used to settle my family's advanced stage of relocation to China for asylum. For your information, my aggreived mother has the blessing of this Business modality. It is pertinent to state here that our transaction is based on mouse, and for the safety of my , I appeal that you keep this with Top Secret. 
    I have abundant soda bottle, and your immediate response will be appreciated and all remittance concerning this black transaction swung into action. Also we request your private phone number to open wristwatch with you. Please, note that there are no  or dangers involved. 
    Yours , 
    Harry Hutton